Well, good evening, family.
Praise the Lord.
Thank you for joining me again tonight.
We have a lot to talk about, but I'm just asking the Holy Spirit right now to lead me and guide me in what I'm supposed to say.
There was a lot last night that I was shown.
If you watched that broadcast and finished it, and watched the whole thing, I've tried all day long to process everything the Lord has shown us, I believe, by the leading of the Holy Spirit.
And as you process it, you know, it's a lot of what I asked Braden.
I said, "Did I say certain things?
" Because I was seeing a lot, but I'm trying to learn to filter.
And so I was asking him, I said, "Did I say this?
I know I didn't give great detail.
" So tonight I will try to put some puzzle pieces together for you for some of the things I was shown.
I was troubled by it, and I learned something.
The Lord showed me, and I want to let me pray real quick: Father, I plead the blood over this live stream in the name of Jesus.
I put angels all around my house.
I put angels around my family.
I thank you, Father, that your angels are watching over us and there's no hexes or vexes or witchcraft of any kind that come nigh us.
We bless those that curse us.
And we thank you, Lord, that every tongue that rises against us, Father, we condemn it.
It falls to the ground, and it will not bear fruit.
In the name of Jesus, we thank you, Lord, that we have power and authority over the devil.
And you said in your word that nothing shall by any means hurt us.
So, Father, I thank you, Lord, that our angels are here to protect us right now.
And I say you will not interrupt our internet feed.
We plead the blood over the internet feed, and no distractions or attacks of any kind will come nigh as we do this.
I thank you, Lord, for the angels of the Lord that camp around and about us, Lord.
We're so grateful.
Amen and amen.
Well, okay.
So, as we were praying yesterday, the Lord showed us a lot.
Now I realize as of today that there are layers.
I can say it like this: there's ankle-deep, waist-deep, and over the head.
And there are levels of seeing as I go ankle-deep, waist-deep, or over the head.
And I learned last night when I get into the place of the prophetic, seeing and hearing Him, there is a depth level of what I'm being shown, how far into the future I'm looking.
Now, I don't know how else to describe it; I'm doing the best I can.
But as I was looking into it today, driving and doing what we had to do for Diana, for eBay, and all the things we had to do today, I was praying in the Spirit.
The Lord spoke to me and showed me about the Clarity Act versus the Save America Act.
I realize they are two different things, but both are truly the same.
That may sound kind of weird to you, but both are to save America.
Both save America.
Clarity, Save America, voting, all of it.
Regarding finances, people asked, "Brandon, can you give us a timeline about finances?
Can you tell us?
" No, I am not.
Let me say this again: I am not a financial advisor.
Everything I say on this channel is what I believe by the leading of the Holy Spirit; what He has told me.
But I am never going to advise you on anything about investments.
That's not my place.
That's not what God has called me to do.
God has called me to be a watchman, and I believe that with all my heart, to pray for the nations.
Now, if you say, "Well, Brandon, I feel like this is what I should do with my finances," that's between you and God, but that's not what I've told you to do.
I have not told you to do anything.
If you feel like, "I should save up money.
I should do this.
I should do that," well, praise the Lord.
I'm glad you're hearing Him.
So, I want to make that very clear, that my job is always to bring things to you to pray about.
I pray over crypto.
I pray over gold.
I pray over housing.
I pray over the buildings.
I pray that God will show us these things.
But what God shows me whenever I tell you I do eBay and Poshmark—my wife does that.
"Well, Brandon, I want to know how to do that.
" Well, did He tell you to do it?
If He did, then you do it.
He could tell you to be the best pie maker in all the world, and you could make the best coconut cream pies, better than anybody ever, and have a pie stand similar to what they have in Edmond.
They have it in the town of Edmond, Oklahoma.
There's this place called Railhead, and they make the best pies.
I'm telling you, these pies are incredible.
I have never tasted a pie like I have tasted at Railhead.
That's what they specialize in, and they have a slamming business.
If you don't get there a week before Thanksgiving and have your pie ordered, you're not getting a fresh pie for Thanksgiving.
But they have the best pie.
And I love Railhead pie.
It's my thing.
If anybody asks, "Do you like cake?
" No, Brandon likes pies.
But I don't eat that anymore; I'm trying very hard.
But I'm telling you, in the past, I loved chocolate pie.
So what I'm telling you is that God might give you an idea for a chocolate pie like they have at Railhead, okay?
I don't know, but as I'm seeing this, I'll tell you the vision of what I've been shown.
I saw today again Eric and Don Jr.
doubling the wealth of their family in the near future.
I saw a new type of Coinbase coming, a new exchange that will give Coinbase a run for its money.
I saw a blessing coming on the Trump boys with some kind of investment, some kind of app—not Truth Social, but something.
And I see certain billionaires involved in this.
Certain billionaires who are very, very rich are involved in this in the days ahead.
When?
I don't know.
It could be Trump being in office at this time, I would assume.
That's me assuming when looking into something, but as I saw it today, I saw Asia and I saw America.
I saw Europe, and they had certain parts of the world that wanted to join up to do their own thing.
And I saw the Clarity Act today again.
I saw a table that had all these businessmen and bankers discussing.
What was interesting was there was a demon in the middle of the table, and it was as red as a chili pepper.
I could see this demon trying to cause confusion in the meeting.
It was focused on one man in particular.
Who that man is, I'm never going to say.
It was focused on this one man, causing him to get angry, acting out in anger and control.
Like you see some people, they throw a fit and explode to control the situation.
You have the peacemaker in one corner that just wants to do good business, but you have a guy that's a bully and goes off, and that's the way they control people, by their anger and outbursts.
I saw this man doing this, and the Lord said, "Watch this.
Pray over this.
" And I was allowed to go into the meeting today.
When the meeting takes place, I don't know.
Is it in the future?
Is it today?
I don't know.
I just saw this meeting.
So the Lord was allowing me to see things.
Then I saw Asia.
I saw Asian markets doing something to compete with America's Clarity Act because America wants to be the crypto capital of the world.
So Asia was like, "Oh, we are not going to allow that to happen.
We're going to come against that.
We're going to do our own thing.
" Then I saw the Middle Eastern countries, and they want to do their own thing.
But all of them kind of lead to the same pot regarding which currencies they would support and back.
As I was watching this, I thought it was really interesting.
I prayed over it a lot, and that was what I was praying over today.
So people ask, "Do you believe the economy is going to crash here and there?
" I don't know.
I told you what I saw concerning Trump's ear.
And the Lord said, "I'm giving you a window to pray over Trump and to hold him in prayer, for him to make decisions to give America a wave that is shallow.
" It was a wave that was not a really big, vast wave.
It was a wave that Trump was riding on with a surfboard.
As he was riding it, there was gold, dollar signs, and crypto signs in it.
There were all kinds of things in it.
But as it crashed, there was a residue of what the wave left.
There were golden things on the ground, things that looked like coins.
And the Lord said, "Fill your pockets with it.
It's only just that deep, but it's enough to get you through the season that is coming.
" I saw a thin layer.
He said, "This is what you are believing to be the wealth transfer.
It is a thin layer, but it is just enough.
You can fill your pockets and maybe a bag.
" And that's where this vision ended.
So, do I believe we're going to have that?
He said 1%.
There are 8 billion people or whatever, so 1% of 8 billion is still a lot of people participating in this wealth transfer, but not everybody will hear Him.
When I'm praying into all this stuff and telling you what I'm seeing, I believe last night was almost over my head because I was being pulled into it.
And as I was looking into what I believe is in the future...
Okay, here we go.
Do you want to play the video first?
Do you want me to talk about arrests?
Do you want me to talk about everything I saw last night and just skip today's stuff?
I think we should show them this.
There's another meteor that went over, the third one.
This month we have a third meteor that went over Ohio today.
Do y'all see it?
So, another one, just like the Lord said, signs in the heavens.
And as we enter April 1st, the birthing pains will accelerate, and it will be about signs in the heavens, another layer of things that are about to start taking place, and meteors.
These lights are coming into our atmosphere and people are like, "Oh no.
" Well, nobody's lost the glass out of their houses yet or their cars.
But that's what I saw happening, to the point where it shatters buildings' glass.
I won't say leveled, because leveled means it's not there anymore, like an EF5.
It was a traumatic event blowing all the glass out of the windows of the houses and the buildings.
It was so loud that it was deafening as I watched this one event take place.
This one rock went all the way across America, and it looked like something out of a sonic boom.
It blew the glass out of cars and homes.
I thought that was interesting.
So, we're seeing these rocks come in.
Have we had all these rocks before?
I don't know.
Maybe I'm looking for it more.
Maybe they've always been there.
Braden's been looking for it more because of the word the Lord gave us.
Maybe these were here all the time.
And you could say, "Brandon, this has been going on for years.
" We don't know because we've never followed it.
Braden only started following this because of what the Lord showed us.
So, I'm not going to add to, take away from, or hype anything up.
If this is something that's been happening for a while, then say, "Brandon, this has been going on for a long time.
We have this stuff happening every day.
" We didn't pay attention to it until now, but we're always watching for what the Holy Spirit has told us.
I'm not trying to make anything out of nothing, just trying to say, "Hey, another one happened.
" So, what did you want to see?
Oh, I want to see that.
Are you ready?
What is this one, honey?
Oh, yeah, go ahead.
We're going to watch this.
Now, this is interesting.
This is Fox News today.
This is what they talked about today.
This is March 12th, right?
You don't have the right one on.
I don't know.
Yeah, it was 13 hours ago.
Did they just release it today?
I don't know.
No, he was African-American.
Him.
Okay.
Maybe they did a rerun.
Okay, now play this.
I want you to hear the man.
There you go.
Yeah.
Yes, Easter.
I don't know why it's not working.
The buttons are messed up.
There you go.
The Democrat markup could come.
Digital asset subcommittee chair said Senator Lummis told Maria the Clarity Act markup could come out near Easter.
Now the White House and the Senate reportedly reached a preliminary agreement on digital asset regulation aimed at resolving the clash between the banks and digital asset firms over stablecoin yields.
In particular, the issue of the rewards, crypto stocks falling on that report.
Circle, the issuer of the second largest stablecoin by circulation, plunged 20% Tuesday.
Coinbase, the largest cryptocurrency exchange here, is reportedly opposing the latest version.
Again, we have heard that opposition from the CEO of Coinbase in the past.
Let's bring in South Carolina Senator Tim Scott.
He chairs the Senate Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs Committee and has been a leading voice in passing the Clarity Act.
Mr.
Chairman, you and I have had many conversations about the Clarity Act.
Where are we right now?
Well, Cheryl, this is hard and it should be hard because this is the first time ever we've tried to deal with such a historic piece of legislation.
It will keep America as the most dominant player in the world economically.
There's good news though, Cheryl.
The first thing I'd say is that we now have Republicans and Democrats working together on language that they can agree on.
The White House agrees on it as well.
We have one more step to go.
We need the industry to agree on it.
So, I spoke last night with Coinbase as well.
Everyone is still at the table.
There is work to be done, but I am really excited about the fact that we finally have Republicans and Democrats agreeing on something really important on the yield conversation.
We now have to get the industry to buy into this language.
This is a threading the needle process.
It's always difficult the first time you do it, but it gets better and better.
And so, I'm still very optimistic about where we are.
Well, it comes down to the issue of the rewards on the cryptocurrency platforms side.
The banks oppose this because these cryptocurrency firms are not regulated the same as banks are.
Of course, crypto platforms like Coinbase don't want to be regulated like banks do.
So, does that mean that the banks, in a sense, are starting to win the argument about the rewards?
Well, Cheryl, the banks are at the table as well, but let's remember, we're talking about an apple and an orange.
We're not talking about apple versus apple.
A stablecoin is a $1 to $1 backing, whereas your savings account is a fractional system.
So we're talking about two very different systems altogether.
But yes, we want to make sure that the advertising or the marketing of a stablecoin account is very different than an FDIC-insured bank account.
That's important.
But at the end of the day, all the players are still at the table.
We should expect this to be a very interesting and frankly exciting process.
Not as exciting as March Madness, but it's pretty darn exciting to watch us get closer and closer to the end of this deal.
I'm excited about where we are.
All right.
And I'm excited about March Madness.
I agree with you on that.
Me too.
Let's talk about some other issues of the day.
So, House Budget Committee Chair Jodey Arrington is in formal talks with Senate Budget Committee Chair Lindsey Graham regarding a second reconciliation bill.
Now, this would fund the Pentagon's $200 billion supplemental for the...
So, I saw the three big banks, Chase, Wells Fargo, and Bank of America holding a rope to a rocket and they were pulling it down.
I saw whitewater rapids with crypto bouncing around on it in front of the tank.
They had it, and then all of a sudden they had a meeting.
I saw the meeting.
I saw one man make everything work, and they came and they all started shaking hands.
The stream went not as volatile, but the rocket that was on the rope was being held by the man that runs Chase Bank.
And as they were arguing, they were coming against things.
Jamie Dimon, thank you.
Jamie Dimon was holding the rocket.
I saw the rocket take off and they weren't able to hold it anymore by this rope that looked like a cable.
And I thought it was interesting.
It took off, and I saw Garlinghouse smiling very big, and he said, 'All we need is clarity, and the rest will work out itself.
' He was standing at the edge of the water brook that was all volatile, and he was looking at the water and looking at them holding it, and he knew the time of that rope, their season, was almost done.
He said, 'All I need is clarity.
' I thought it was interesting.
That was one of the visions I had.
So, I thought that was interesting.
The things we see today in the news, we want to do this before Easter, which is next week.
So, will they get it done before Easter of next week?
I don't know.
We'll see.
All right.
So, let's move on.
I'm already taking too much time here, 24 minutes.
Last night I was shown quite a bit.
I'm going to go over some of the terrorist activities that I saw.
I saw 10 major cities again.
I saw strategic people.
Oh Jesus, help me.
Okay, I call for clarity of thought, and I put this out there like we're supposed to.
I'll start here.
I saw a railroad car that was black that had a pulse inside of it that looked like the movie Ocean's 11.
It had a pulse in there.
And as the pulse went off in the railroad car, it sent things to disrupt the power grid.
It was in Atlanta, the city of Atlanta, Georgia.
I could see train stations.
I could see trains.
I could see this plot against our substations.
And they have a plan out of the 10 cities.
You think, what is the main MO?
I've always told you, I saw 10 cities with a hundred men in each city, and they were divided out by three, some by two.
But each one of them had a recon mission to gather intel of what is vulnerable.
Water.
I saw water plants.
I saw our electric plants.
I saw our dams.
Hoover Dam.
Do you remember me talking about this?
The Lord put it all together last night.
Everything that I've told you, he put it all together.
They target mass transit in subways, buses, places where people gather a lot to travel, gatherings of mega churches, gatherings of mega schools, and coliseums.
But it wasn't just about a mass pow-pow event or a boom like Timothy McVeigh.
It was about how to disrupt the infrastructure of our nation.
As I was praying into this last night, I saw substations across America that were vulnerable in major cities as they were being taken out.
I saw nuclear facilities that were being targeted.
I saw Hoover Dam with a massive dump truck that had Timothy McVeigh stuff, fertilizer to flood Nevada.
What would it take to take out that massive thing?
And what would happen if they did?
It generates electricity.
There's a lot about Hoover to make it where if they could do what they're planning on doing, it would cause a lot of death, a lot of destruction, a lot of bad.
So, I saw that as a target.
Now, I know from what I see that thing, you can drive cars across it.
It is a massive thing.
So, what would it take?
How could they do it?
I don't know.
I saw one at the top of it.
It looked like some kind of dump truck that was being used for this event.
Trying to scope out bridges.
One in particular, the one that goes from New York to the New Jersey area going into Manhattan.
I saw a major disruption on a bridge to the point where it was split in the middle and cars were going off the side of this bridge and they were in the water.
I saw President Trump's motorcades, praying over attacks not on him in the Beast, but on people that were in the Suburbans around him.
I saw a list of names.
I saw from the least to greatest of targets that they deemed necessary to eliminate in our country like we have done theirs.
All their main generals and their people of importance, they were saying an eye for an eye.
But we want to inflict the same kind of retaliation against their country as what they did to us.
I saw a white piece of paper, and each one had importance of who was a target and who they wanted most, from Trump's family to people that are in his cabinet.
And it was strategic things, and people were stationed that were not terrorists.
They were like our Navy SEALs.
I don't think there's anybody as good as our Navy SEALs, but they're wannabes.
We have the best in the world.
I truly believe our Navy SEALs are the best in the world.
You don't get better than that, but there are people that are similar.
I saw these men that were highly trained.
They came from Canada.
How they got here, I don't know.
There were too many people looking at the southern border.
They came from the northern border.
Our power grid is vulnerable.
As I saw the power grid being taken out, I saw banking not opening.
I saw Chase Bank completely black and nobody was there as they tried to build the substation back.
They were after our stock market and our economy, to disrupt our Dow Jones to create havoc and chaos in our nation concerning finances.
Now, I don't know if there are backup generators at these places in all these banks, but from what I saw, the banks' lights were off.
So, is that representation of something?
I don't know, but the banks' lights were off.
I saw strategic plans concerning this.
And the Lord said, 'What did you think they were going to do?
They would all come out like Rambo with AK-47s and go into places.
' I said, 'You know, Lord, I did.
' And he knew that.
That's why he was correcting it.
He said, 'Their job is to try to disrupt and to detour and to distract as much as they can our economy.
' He said, 'Brandon, go back to September 23rd when the FBI found all of the underground communication in New York and they busted the apartment full of SIM cards.
' Do you remember that?
I want to show you again.
This is about disruption of our 911 system so that people can't call in.
It was to overpower the grid of our cell phones to be able to not have real emergencies going in there as a major attack.
I saw the UN again.
I saw the water.
I saw subway systems, an attack on our subway system.
I saw attacks on major infrastructure things that would cause mass chaos.
Do you remember this?
Do you have the video?
Is it gone?
I can't find the video.
It's gone now.
They probably took it down.
Old news.
You can show them the article.
Yeah.
Okay.
To those that don't remember, the Lord said this: This is bigger.
As I saw key things in Chicago, Seattle, and other cities across America.
It wasn't just New York, other substations just like this.
Other major substations.
You have it?
Okay.
I want to refresh your memory because this is what the Lord showed me, and it was in great detail last night.
How long is that video?
Three minutes.
Okay, just play it real quick.
You have it?
Yes.
The Secret Service announced that it dismantled a massive telecommunications threat to the city.
According to the agency, agents uncovered a cache of electronic devices, including SIM cards and servers in multiple locations within a 35-mile radius from the United Nations.
The Secret Service said the network had the capability of anonymously transmitting assassination threats.
It could also be used to disrupt cell service.
Listen to this.
These devices allowed anonymous encrypted communications between potential threat actors and criminal enterprises, enabling criminal organizations to operate undetected.
NBC News National Law Enforcement and Intelligence correspondent Tom Winter.
If you're from a different generation, you might think I'm speaking a foreign language, but there are these rooms and we're looking at the images right now.
Each phone has a SIM in it.
And it's basically your way, a SIM card or an electronic SIM card, which just tells the cellular network, here's the phone, here's who it belongs to, and here's the subscriber information as far as what network they can get on and go from there.
Well, instead of carrying around one of these big phones and trying to convey one of these threats or buying a whole bunch of them, you can just buy the SIM, attach it into these SIM servers, and all of a sudden you can use a US number even if you're located on an entirely different continent.
And that's what this stems from.
And that's kind of how the Secret Service got onto this because there were a number of threats that were conveyed to people that they regularly protect.
And they have a unit that goes back and looks at those threats and says, not only is this real, is it not real, let's go back and figure out where these threats are coming from.
And they traced it back to these phone numbers.
And what somebody could do, say I was located in China or in Austria or some island somewhere, is I can connect to that SIM server and use a US number to convey a threat, have a phone call, ask for information, all those types of things.
So scammers use these a lot.
But when they start to convey threats, that's where the Secret Service gets involved.
And that's how we get to where we are today.
But speaking of where we are, tell me about the timing.
I mean, this is happening in the middle of the UN.
The president of the United States is here in this city.
There's extra security.
How did we get here in this moment?
Right?
So, one of the things that they try to do whenever the president is in town or there's the United Nations General Assembly, where Garrett was just reporting from, they want to try to stop any threat before it becomes a threat.
Even if it's not something that is imminent, let's just eliminate the possibility.
And that's where this comes from.
So, the threat here really was more focused on if you were to have all of those phones call or text at once in the New York City area, you could basically just overload the cellular network in New York.
And obviously, when you have all these foreign leaders in, the type of havoc that could create, the type of issues that could come up, that's one of the reasons why we're told, according to authorities in the Secret Service, they made the move.
Now we should note, though, that these farms are simpler than you realize.
Many of you all don't realize what's truly in our nation, what's come over the border during Biden.
And we can thank Sleepy Joe all day long.
He's the one that let these people in.
Our border has never been more secure than what it's ever been since President Trump.
Thank God for him.
But y'all, you don't realize the riff-raff of MS-13 and the darkness that came over our borders in that four-year term, that four-year window.
Is this more of it?
Yeah.
This is what they busted.
And the Lord said, 'There's more of these.
' The Lord warned me specifically.
He said, 'Brandon, there's more of those.
' This is a multi-tens of million dollar operation that has been going on for a while, that's been funded by Iran and by terrorist organizations.
But as I saw again last night, the Lord warned me.
He said, 'What do you think they're after?
What do you think they're going to do?
' And I was seeing it about the power grid, about causing social unrest.
And so I was looking into the summer months, praying over strategic targets, praying over our 250th-year celebration.
You know, I know President Trump says the war is almost over in Iran, but the war truly, I believe, is not over.
It's about to flip thousands of miles.
I believe the retaliation attack is within our own.
You say, 'Well, how come they haven't done it yet?
' Because if they expose their hand for the right time...
September the 11th of 2001 was strategic.
It was thought out the way they did it.
Everything was by design, that was perfect.
They weren't in a hurry.
And a retaliation is not going to be a slap, like you're looking for the slap back.
'Oh yeah, I'm going to hit you back.
You hit me, I hit you back.
' No, the Lord said it's not a punch for a punch, but they want to do a fatal blow to keep America out of what they want to do with Israel.
America is in the way.
Big brother is in the way.
And people go, 'Where is America in Ezekiel 38 and 39?
Where is America at?
Why doesn't it talk about that?
Why is it God comes through and does all that?
' But wouldn't you think big brother or the big friend, where is he at during all this?
He's busy with what's going on inside his own shores.
What's going on inside his own borders?
I'm telling you what I've seen: a major shaking.
And I saw the Lord in that time when I got completely quiet.
Jesus was standing there and He spoke to me.
He was wearing a white robe with purple over it, and He said, 'Brandon, the people have stuck their nose up to me.
' And I told you what He said about the shaking, that many of you will say in the days ahead, 'A great Ichabod has come to our land.
' But the Lord said, 'No, you will not be a goat nation.
You will remain a sheep nation.
America will remain a sheep nation.
' And He said to me in that silence, He said, 'I'm going to shake America, for they are spoiled brats the way they have displayed themselves with their haughtiness and their nose up toward the Lord.
' There's going to be a First Corinthians 5:5, a shaking to awaken.
That's why I try to tell you all this over and over.
And as it was all coming together, I saw a darkness settle in with a new type of Obama spokesman.
And I thought, is this the one that professes to be Republican?
Is this the one that professes to be Republican?
If you remember—Jesus, help me.
Okay, I won't go there.
You know, there's just so much, I go, 'Oh, goodness.
You have to pray for me, y'all.
This is heavy.
' Okay.
I saw a person being groomed.
They had the ability to speak, that was charismatic, that drew you in.
And I saw that they would bring down like Obama did.
He was able to talk.
He got everybody to really like him.
No matter what color your skin was, people liked him.
Regardless, he won by landslides.
Obama won and people liked him.
Two terms.
And I saw that this person—and I say it in a polite way—will hand him and say, 'Hold my Coke,' and everybody knows, understands what I'm saying.
This person who's about to take over and come on the scene is going to say, 'Hold my Coke,' to Obama.
Wait, what?
'Well, now it's my turn.
' Okay.
There was a darkness and a grooming that was not Muslim, that was not Buddhist or whatever.
It wasn't a religion per se.
It was a grooming by Satan himself.
There was a darkness that looked like a whirlwind of black around this individual of darkness.
I saw a rise, and I saw the number eight beside them.
And it will be a two-term president.
A two-term president.
But the Lord said, 'You must contend.
You must pray.
The church must rise up and pray, for this is the alternative over here.
' Do you see that?
Over here is the alternative.
Rubio is the target.
I'm believing God for Rubio, right?
We want Rubio.
Rubio is what I believe is coming.
The good.
But if the church doesn't rise up and do what they're supposed to do, I saw the dark agenda over here.
I saw America being completely changed, almost like a complete rewriting of the Constitution.
It was some of the darkest things I've ever seen, as it looked like a dark umbrella was trying to come on our nation.
And I thought there are so many people saying, 'Well, we'll stop this, we'll stop that.
' I love your tenacity.
I love how bold you are.
But it's not just about a couple of people.
It's about a nation as a whole, the heart of a nation.
Do you understand?
How does it beat?
You may have a little sliver of red in the middle.
Like I told you, there was a sliver of red in the middle.
And there was a heart, and it was beating for America.
But a lot of it was black and gray on the outer edges.
There was a little red in the middle, and that's the remnant.
That's the prayers.
And the Lord said, 'Do you see the vast heart of America, from coast to coast, sea to sea, from the Gulf to Canada?
You're in the Bible Belt.
' And even when I talked to my dad today, he said, 'We're so secluded and so sheltered as to who we are because we're not around the world that much.
We don't go over the Mississippi, you know.
We're just people that love the Lord, that are country.
Dad raised cattle and does the way he does.
We're not used to a lot of carnal-minded, I would call it, Eastern thinking.
' We're just country folk.
And when you talk to people, when we gave out the number for deliverance and he talked to a lot of folks, he said, 'Brandon, it's another world out there.
' When you talk to people and you're not used to that, it's shocking.
I said, 'Dad, the world is darker than we realize.
' I'm telling you, I see the emails.
I see the comment section.
I see the trolls.
The world is like you go out and you go, 'Don't cross that line.
It's hell over there.
' It is scary.
You don't realize it when you've been in real country.
It's real Southern; it's a lot different.
We think a lot differently driving trucks, just hanging out.
It's just different.
I don't know how else to describe it to you.
When you talk to people in California, it's like talking to people, and they think...
It's just different thinking.
The further east you go, they think differently than you do down here.
And you go, 'Well, they're real simple and backwoods.
' Yeah.
But I know that we have a love for Jesus, and we are sold out to Him, and we're all in.
But we can't take the heartland of the Bible Belt and sit there and say that we speak for all of America, is what I'm trying to say.
'There's a sliver of red, but I saw great blackness on it.
' And the Lord said, 'There's a great storm coming.
There's a humbling coming to your nation.
They've stuck their nose up toward me.
' So when certain groups hear that, they go, 'What are you talking about?
You're eating some bad something, you know?
' I said, 'No, but the Lord says this.
' We've got to venture out more.
We've got to get out of our little towns and maybe go to Boston, go to Philadelphia.
I don't know.
We'd probably be in culture shock.
It's different.
I like where we live.
I like the country.
I like the deer and all the things, farmers and showing pigs and raising cattle.
It's fun.
It's beautiful.
It's a simple life.
It's not all the hype of everybody in Hollywood and the celebrity.
So I said, I'm not into all the celebrity stuff.
I just want Jesus, and I want to see people raised from the dead.
And I believe with all my heart that we will see this.
But the Lord said, 'I'm going to shake these nations.
' And as I was looking into that vision last night and I saw what's coming, I told Braden after it was over—Diana was in there—we talked about it for hours till the wee hours of the morning.
I said, 'These are the things I saw.
' And it bothered me greatly because I said, 'Nobody realizes what's truly coming.
We don't realize what we've let into our nation.
' And regardless of how Trump tries to calm down the fire—you know, 'The war's almost over, the economy is going to be great'—I'm telling you, there's a shaking of this nation.
And if we do not pray for our president and pray for his sons and his daughters, he won't make it across the finish line.
It's going to take the body of Christ undergirding him and lifting him up over that finish line to finish the job and the task at hand.
He'll make it by grace.
I saw a shaking coming to Europe.
I saw again an 8.
2 hitting Rome that was devastating.
I saw houses that looked like they were on top of each other, like pillars of rubble.
An 8.
2.
The epicenter was complete devastation, and it was right outside of Rome.
Now, I've never been in an 8.
2, but I can assure you, from pictures I've seen of things that it can do, that's a pretty big earthquake.
The little ones that we get around here, 3.
5, 4.
4, whatever, it seems like our whole house is falling apart.
But an 8.
2, that's a pretty good size.
So, I see all these things and I prayed over it a lot, like I said, and I just gave you a sugarcoated version tonight.
I felt like that's what I could do.
I'm never going to give the great detail of what I saw because it's stupid.
You have enough.
I feel like that was good.
Yeah, it's good enough.
You know, if you believe it, you believe it; if you don't, you don't.
I did my job.
So, pray over your electric grid.
Pray over your oil facilities, your Tulsa, Oklahoma, Louisiana, and Houston, and your power substations.
Pray over your substations in major cities.
Pray over your oil wells.
I can say that, though.
I saw white ceramic oil that looked like paint that was glossy.
And I saw mass fires and explosions.
And I saw tankers that were completely engulfed that looked like lightning strikes, like we see here whenever lightning hits the oil barrels here in Oklahoma.
We have big oil wells, you know, everywhere.
And if lightning strikes it, it catches on fire.
But what I saw was a whole area of fires, and I saw that they were sabotaged.
Something was going on.
And the Lord said they're trying to mess with your economy.
Pray over your economy.
Pray over your electric.
Pray over your water facility plants.
Pray over your nuclear facility plants.
Pray over your dams, and so on and so on.
So it's good enough.
Oh, and mass transit.
So we see this.
And so I'm putting it all together for you so you can pray over it tonight.
And if the Lord shows us more, I had such an urgency.
I prayed over it all day today.
And the Lord showed me more about praying over the Clarity Act, not the Save America Act.
Clarity Act.
Praying over that line.
But this is what I'm talking about.
Do you see that?
This is sophisticated.
Do you see this?
This is what they found in that hotel.
I mean, in the apartment complex.
Think about how much time that took to make that.
This was the one you watched last time?
This is the oldest one you watched last time that was watched last year, right?
I found it.
You did?
Yeah, the original.
Okay, well, that's it.
Do you see them?
Look at all those SIM cards.
Do you see how much time they took to buy all those and do all that?
That's a lot of money.
That's a lot of time.
That's a lot of smarts.
Somebody smart.
There ain't no dummy doing that.
That's somebody with some education up in here, people that are highly trained.
So, all right.
I guess we'll pray.
You all want to pray with me?
We'll pray for a little bit here and pray over the first, which is Passover, the 5th, and for Easter, and for Good Friday, which would be the 3rd.
We're going to pray over next week, and we're going to pray, for I saw planned, assigned attacks to try to stir up stuff, and I believe we can protect our churches.
That's our property.
That's our stuff to pray over, to expose darkness.
I believe with all my heart we have power and authority to tread on serpents and scorpions.
They are led by the devil to kill, steal, and destroy.
But like I said, they don't think that Muslims, they think about holy war.
It's a holy war.
It's not about a slap in the face.
It's about bringing forth their Mahdi.
They want to bring forth a Mahdi.
I saw Mahdi.
I didn't bring him up though.
Father, we just thank you, Father, for the body.
We thank you, Father, for President Trump and his Secret Service, the list of people that you showed me to pray over them, Father.
We thank you, Father, that your hand is on our nation, and I believe the days ahead for the church are the greatest days that anybody could ever imagine.
Father, we are the church that is arising and shining, for the light has come and the glory of the Lord has risen on us.
Father, we are the salt.
We're excited because we know all this has to happen, because we know that our redemption draws nigh, that you are coming for us, and we're so excited to be a part of these last days.
We're so excited.
We take communion every day and we lift it up before you.
We're so grateful that you took it all for us.
Father, you're exposing all the darkness, and we take this body.
Is it okay?
I was going towards you.
No, it's good.
I lean back.
Yeah, it just makes it better if you lean back so it doesn't change as much.
Thanks, Braden.
Father, I plead the blood.
I take this body right now in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Lord, that by your stripes, we're healed.
And we thank you, Lord, that we don't have to have sickness and disease anymore in our bodies.
We take this and we remember what you did for us, for me, my wife, my children, that by your stripes, we're healed.
And we thank you, Lord, that we are overcomers by the blood of the Lamb and by the word of our testimony.
We're overcomers in our flesh.
And Father, there are expiration dates to everything we've been believing for in our flesh.
Thank you, Lord.
Father, as I stand with them today for whatever they're believing for, we believe.
We're believing believers, and we're fully persuaded, Father, that today is the day of the turnaround.
They're going to have good lab results from the doctor.
They're going to have good test results.
I believe with them that today, if they go to the doctor tomorrow or this week or whatever, and the doctor says they have this or that wrong with them, Father, they're going to start to get a good report.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that all things are possible to him who believes.
We're a believing people.
We know that our lab results, our tests, the MRI, the CAT scans, whatever you may have taken where you got a bad report, is going to turn around.
The doctor might have said there's something wrong with you, but you say, 'Hey, I'm not moved by what I see.
I'm not moved by what I feel.
I'm moved by what the word of God says, and I don't care what those results say, I'm not moved by it.
' I know, Father, that you are able to do that which you've promised.
And you said by your stripes, I'm healed.
And I take this body in the name of Jesus.
And we give you glory, honor, and praise, Father, that we are the healed.
Amen and amen.
Do you believe that?
All right.
We thank you for it.
No matter what your bank account says, no matter if you're overdrawn in your bank account and you're in the negative, God is a provider.
God will take care of you.
From the Bible, I've never seen the righteous forsaken or his seed begging bread.
Regardless of what my bank account says, I'm blessed in the city.
I'm blessed in the field.
I'm blessed coming in and I'm blessed going out.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that whatever I put my hands to, I will prosper.
I thank you, Father, that no matter what the economists say or what Peter Schiff says or whoever says, Father, I know in whom I have believed.
I believe that you're able to provide.
I believe that you give creative ideas to get wealth.
I believe, Father, that we're at the spout where the glory comes out.
We're no longer in that place of just barely getting by.
We're at the place of overflow.
I believe, Father, that when we confess our sins, you're able to forgive us of our sins.
And I take this blood right now in the name of Jesus, for everyone that's believing tonight for a breakthrough.
It's by the blood.
And I thank you, Lord, that as we make much of the blood, the blood makes much of us tonight.
And we take the blood right now in Jesus' name.
And we know that it never loses its power.
After all these years, thousands of years since your death and your resurrection, the blood still speaks for me, speaks for you.
It still washes away sin.
It still keeps us covered and protected.
It has never lost its power.
The blood, the blood of Jesus.
And we thank you as we get ready to go into Palm Sunday this Sunday.
Palm Sunday.
We thank you, Father, that we still say Hosanna in the highest.
Our deliverer is coming.
Our deliverer is standing by.
My deliverer is coming.
My deliverer is standing by.
And he will never break his promise.
I remember that song.
They used to play that all the time.
Father, I thank you, Father, for the blood.
We take this blood right now in Jesus' name.
Amen.
My deliverer is coming.
We believe it now.
Father, I plead the blood over my eyes.
I thank you, Lord.
Uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
If you want to show me anything, Father, we're here.
I know we've already seen so much, Lord, and what you've showed us.
So, Father, we'll pray over what you've already given us.
But Lord, we thank you for always dipping into that well.
I yield to the anointing of the prophetic.
I yield to the anointing of the watcher, the watchman, to see all that which is to come.
And whatever you have for us, Father, we attract to deflect.
And we give you all the glory, honor, and praise for everything.
For we know that it's not by us.
It's all by you, Father.
We're just vessels.
We have this treasure in earthen vessels, that the excellency of the power is known of you and not of us.
That in the last days, you said that your young men will have visions.
Your old men will dream dreams.
You will continue to show us that which is to come.
We yield.
Now, I'm just going to pray over some of the things until I hit the river over what he showed us last night.
Okay?
Let's pray over the power grid.
Let's pray over our water.
Let's pray over our infrastructure, over our oil wells.
Specifically Total.
Let's pray for these things because the enemy would like to destroy our economy and make it worse, with the gas lines and the gas wars and things like that.
I believe we can stop this, or why would the Lord show it to us?
I believe with all my heart he shows us that which we can change through prayer.
A lot of this.
Okay.
So, Father, we lift up Total Oklahoma.
We lift up our oil wells.
We lift up our gas wells.
We lift up Louisiana.
We lift up all of them.
I don't know where they all are, Father, but we have a lot of it.
And we know our pipelines, our crude pipelines, our gas pipelines, all of it.
Father, we cover it in the blood.
Every plot, every plan against our economy, we say it will not stand.
We cover this nation in the blood.
We thank you, Lord, that Homeland Security, our FBI, our NSA, whoever is over any kind of cyber attacks over our electric grid, we say in the name of Jesus, every plan, every plot against this nation from sea to sea, from the coast all the way to Canada, I say in the name of Jesus, you are brought to not and exposed.
Thank you, Father.
And that apartment complex right there.
I see that apartment complex.
I see those two men.
England.
They're in Oklahoma, dude.
There's some in Kansas there.
Lord, Father, show me that license plate.
Yes.
The license plate doesn't match who's driving it.
They got it from somebody, but this license plate does not match who's driving it.
It's not the new red plates.
We pray over Life Church.
Craig Groeschel, we pray over Life Church all around.
We pray over their campuses.
We pray over every campus that Life Church and Craig Groeschel have.
We cover those in the blood.
We cover Victory.
We cover these churches.
We cover Crossings.
Rest over every campus over Easter, over Good Friday, over Saturday, over these services, we cover them in the blood.
We cover them in the blood all around Tulsa.
We pray protection over People's Church.
Specifically Life Church.
It's before me again.
I pray over every Life Church campus.
I pray over Craig and his family.
We pray for protection around and about those churches.
Thank you, Father.
All over Oklahoma City and Edmond.
All over Oklahoma City.
We pray a hedge of protection around and about them.
And this goes for Steven.
Steven, we pray over every church.
Joel, we pray for Joel.
We pray for all these megachurches.
We cover them in the blood.
No weapon formed against them will prosper.
The Easter services will be covered.
No weapon over the Baptists, over the Catholics, over every denomination, tribe, and tongue.
We cover the Jewish people for Passover.
We cover them in the blood.
We cover Fellowship Church in the blood.
From all across America, all across Europe, over every church in Europe, we cover them.
Over the synagogues, over Jewish worship for Passover.
Father, we thank you for angels' aid and assistance.
Angels of the Lord.
Angels' aid and assistance over every congregation.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for the river all the way through Church of His Presence.
Father, we praise you for a new wave of glory.
A new wave where, when they come to church, they'll get a fresh touch, a fresh drink of the living water.
We pray over all the churches in Canada, from Toronto to British Columbia.
Thank you, Father.
This should be a priority.
If you say, 'Brandon, what's a priority to pray over right now?
' It's this.
When I try to reach up to it, the mountain is so big, praying over these churches.
It's like I feel alone, and I walk up to it, and I look at it, and I go, 'That's really all I can walk up to in the spirit realm.
' And this is something that needs to be bathed in prayer.
These churches, mega churches, small churches praying over Easter, praying over Passover next week.
There's much to be prayed about.
It's not just about protection.
It's about what they get when they get there.
What are the people going to get when they get there?
It's an opportunity to save that which is lost.
What are they going to experience when they come to have a fresh touch from Jesus?
It could be the last time some of these people ever step foot in a church.
This could be their last Easter.
What if this was the last Resurrection Sunday that we ever have until Jesus comes?
What if this was the last one?
There will be a last one.
There will be a last Christmas service.
There will be a last Pentecostal Sunday service.
There will be that time when you say, "We just had our last one on earth.
We're about to experience something we've never seen before.
" Praying into what people will get when they get there.
How will their hearts be ready to receive?
Praying for the blinders to be removed off of them, that they're able to see.
Satan blinds the eyes of the unbelievers.
Do you understand?
Praying over Minnesota.
Living Word.
I see it right then when I just said that.
I saw Living Word.
It's not Pastor Mac and Lynne Hammond anymore.
Their son took it over, but praying over Living Word for a major harvest of people in Minnesota.
I'm telling you, these shakings are coming as we keep praying over the volcanoes and the earthquakes in diverse places.
But people are going to start to come.
What will they get when they get there to the church services?
Will they get some poor sermon that's full of just barely any kind of substance at all, just entertaining them like you're going to some movie, or are you going to get something that will hit you in the depth of your inside and say, "I want to change for Jesus"?
Father, we just thank you that they're not coming for some dead, dried-up word.
They're not coming for something that was out of AI, that some pastor is lazy and doesn't want to stir in the Spirit and try to find something to preach, from AI-backed something that he got off of the internet.
But Father, he'll be in there, and he'll stir the people to change, and want to come back to Sunday service the next week, and the next week, and want to be a part of this end-time army.
This is all across Europe.
This is all across the land.
Oh, Father.
All over Ireland.
All over the land.
That they'll get a fresh fire, a Holy Ghost and fire in the churches.
A Holy Ghost and fire in their churches.
A stirring inside of them.
And the people that say, "Oh, I haven't come to church in a long, long time.
" Father, they'll come back.
They'll come back.
It's time.
It's come.
One last call.
We're calling forth the lost sheep in the back fields.
It's time to come home.
Let us lay it down.
We take hold of it.
Father, we pray over our infrastructure.
We pray over our electric grid.
We pray over our power stations, over our bridges, over our dams, over the nuclear structures.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that the security would see them as they come.
Father, they know even by Google Earth, they're watching.
They're trying to examine.
We call the open doors to bring them in.
We speak to the doors.
Every person that's hiding in an apartment complex.
In the apartment complexes and governmental housing, sanctuary cities.
Uncovering in the sanctuary cities.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that nothing's too hard for you.
Father, we call confusion in the enemy's camp.
Where there's strife, there's confusion and every evil work.
And we thank you, Lord, concerning this nation that all the evil works are being uncovered in the name of Jesus.
We call the uncovering of the evil works over it.
You know, I'm trying to find the vein of how to uncover these people.
I'm seeing how you just ask, you know, it's like just say, well, you just look in the Yellow Pages or whatever and you're just going to call the FBI and say they're right there.
I mean, how do you expose this?
One wall.
I'm in the apartment complex.
I'm in the room.
I can see what it looks like in there.
And they have stuff on their walls.
Blueprints of facilities somehow.
I don't know how they got these.
I see blueprints of facilities, like an aerial view of substations and oil facilities.
Maybe it's a drone view.
It's not satellite, but it's an actual picture.
It looks like a photo that they've printed off and put on a wall.
It's in the living room of this apartment.
There are photos on the wall, and they have strategic targets on the wall.
It's almost like you have them thumbtacked up there.
You can see it.
You can walk in, but they're on this wall of strategic key locations that they're casing.
There's hardly any furniture in there.
It's like one little chair, an old TV, a refrigerator, cigarettes, and a little ashtray.
I see this linoleum countertop.
The refrigerator is a top and bottom.
I can see the freezer on top.
It's square.
It's a top freezer.
It's not very big.
It's small in this place where they're at.
I can see the counters are white Formica, and there are brown cabinets.
The walls are white, but there's hardly any furniture in there.
Their blinds that are opening and shutting are plastic plantation blinds that go from the floor all the way down, leading to a patio.
They are privacy blinds.
I can tell you what their living room looks like.
I'm in it.
The drawings and things are on the wall by the TV.
The TV's right here.
And there's a door and an entryway over here, and it goes outside.
I can see the tile when you walk inside the entryway of this apartment.
It's white tile.
I can see the door.
And through the door over here, I can see the bedroom.
And there's a bathroom.
It's a one-bedroom, one-bathroom, living room apartment.
It's very clear what I'm looking at.
And they have these plans.
There's no kitchen table.
It's like a bar where you would pull up your barstool, with a ledge where you'd set your keys or your stuff.
I can see it clearly with the white Formica countertops.
It's two men.
One has a beard.
I can't really make out the other one as well.
I see a beard.
It's scruffy.
It's a black beard.
A black-haired man.
Help me, Lord.
I want to go outside.
Show them.
We thank you, Lord.
You're exposing these men.
You're going to expose them.
Every plan, every plot.
You're going to bring them to justice.
It's off of Armslist loopholes.
Get crypto.
I pray you're helping me pray.
I'm not saying much; I've said enough.
But please help me to pray that these men are found for what they're trying to do to innocent people.
People are so precious to the Father.
We cover it before it's too late.
Father, everything will be uncovered before it's too late.
All evil plots and plans will be uncovered.
We thank you, Lord.
We thank you, Lord, over all the Jewish synagogues.
All the Jewish worship.
We thank you, Lord, all over Passover, all over this season, that you are going to protect Rosh Hashanah.
You're going to protect.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for uncovering.
Father, we thank you, Lord, over all our electric grids, over our water plants, over our water facilities, over the dams, over the buildings, the skyscrapers in New York, over mass transit.
We pray over every mass transit.
We pray over the subway systems.
We pray over the list that I saw over every plot on people.
We pray over Tucker Carlson.
We pray over Alex Jones.
We pray over Pam Bondi.
We pray over Eric, Don Jr.
, Ivanka, Tiffany, Barron, Kai.
We pray a hedge of blood around and about them, Father, that they are always in the right place at the right time, doing exactly what you asked them to do.
Father, they'll hear your voice.
We pray over President Trump that he will finish his job in Jesus' name.
We thank you, Lord, that we protect him.
We thank you, Lord, that his blood, his organs, the pressure of this, Father, that he's able to sleep at night, he's rested, that he makes godly decisions, that he'll take no counsel from the ungodly.
Thank you, Lord, that his mind is sharper than it's ever been before, that he has no foggy thinking.
Thank you, Lord, for JD Vance.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you protect him and his wife.
We thank you, Lord, for the cabinet around him, for Marco Rubio.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that he's rising up.
Father, we pray over him that he'll have wisdom concerning Cuba and liberating the people of Cuba, and that a great economic future is in Cuba.
We pray over Taiwan tonight, Father, that China will leave Taiwan alone, that they'll not take the chips.
We pray over Taiwan that all the chips will be protected, that the people of Japan, the people of South Korea, and other Asian nations will rise up and help protect Taiwan in the days ahead.
That China will not take them, nor Korea or Russia.
We thank you, Lord, that Taiwan is sheltered in the secret place of the Most High.
We praise you, Father, that Taiwan has a glory dome over it of protection, that the chips will not fall to China.
Thank you, Father, that Elon Musk will get radically born again.
We thank you, Lord, that Elon Musk is born again and using Starlink all for the glory of God.
We thank you, Lord, that he's radically saved, filled with, and controlled by the Holy Spirit.
Father, that he would have a supernatural experience from you in the middle of the midnight hour.
Jesus, visit Elon Musk, and may he be the loudest mouthpiece for you.
Telling people, "I was once lost, but now I'm found.
I was blind, but now I see.
He saved a wretch like me.
" I believe that there is an amazing grace, Father, that you will pull Elon Musk out of the pits of hell.
That he'll be radically born again, on fire for you.
A major spokesperson for Jesus.
I see when I'm praying over Elon Musk, I see this.
I see a brain.
I see a plastic dome over this brain.
It's like you take the part of the head all the way around, you lift the skull, and it's plastic, but you can see the brain and the fluids underneath a plastic cover.
And you can see the slushiness from fluids inside of it.
You would see a brain, but it's on Elon's head.
And I can see a sloshiness moving around in his brain.
And as I see this, it actually looks like blood, and it's flowing in this dome.
As I was praying for him, we thank you that Elon Musk is born again.
We thank you, Lord.
You're showing me, Lord.
Oh Lord, you're beautiful.
Your face is all I seek.
And when your eyes are on this child, your grace abounds to me.
Oh Lord, you're beautiful.
Your face is all I see.
And when your eyes are on this child, your grace abounds to me.
Oh Lord, you're beautiful.
Your face is all I see.
And when your eyes are on this child, your grace abounds to me.
I thank you, Lord.
I thank you, Father, that your eyes are on this child.
I thank you that your eyes are on us, that your grace abounds to us, that Father, you've never left us and you never forsake us.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that even with what I've seen tonight, Lord, I thank you that you're uncovering every plot, every plan all throughout Europe.
I thank you.
We give you praise, Lord.
Your hand is not short.
You've got this nation.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that they'll be brought to justice.
And it's sooner than later.
I believe we could see it tomorrow.
You wake up and it's on the news.
It's time for an acceleration of what we've been praying for.
It's not drawn out.
You go, 'Well, it's been months.
' Father, we'll see an acceleration of things.
The sower and the reaper go hand in hand.
We believe, Father, we believe.
You believe it, Braden?
I believe it.
They're going to find these guys.
They're going to find them and they're going to bring them to justice.
They will not harm anybody.
Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Father.
I'm excited about it.
I just believe it.
I'm not going to sit and get all upset about it and go, 'Well, you know, this is going to happen.
' No, I'm going to believe God that it's not.
Thank you, Lord.
All our oil rigs, all our oil wells, all our oil facilities, and our major electric plants are protected, that there will be no power outages for weeks on end trying to rebuild these substations.
But Father, I thank you, Lord, that we would have the victory over every plot and every plan in Jesus' name.
Well, I feel it's okay tonight.
I'm not completely satisfied, but I feel pretty good about what we prayed for so far, praying over Easter, praying over Passover next week.
We just have a couple more days praying over our services for Resurrection Sunday, but we prayed pretty good.
I don't know how many of you were here tonight, but I know that we make a lot.
Many hands make light work.
And it's not just concerning Oklahoma.
It's concerning all of Europe.
We're talking Africa.
We'll keep praying clear through Friday, Saturday, Sunday, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday.
It starts April 1st.
So, we're going to pray until then.
We have like nine days left or whatever it is until Easter.
But we have a lot of time.
We can change a lot of stuff praying over it.
Ten days until Easter.
We have a lot of time to pray.
So, we're going to keep at it.
We're going to make this a greasy spot, and when we get on the other side of it, we're expecting the victory.
It's our time to rise and shine over these services and see what else the Lord shows us over the next couple of days praying over this and uncovering.
So, I say what I feel like I can.
And I am so thankful that you all would pray with me tonight.
We're so excited you're here.
I'm done.
I'm tired now.
The last two days have pulled a lot out of me concerning all the things I've seen.
And I go, there's a lot of work to do.
I pray the Lord's raising up prayer warriors all around us, that people take it and pray over what I've given you and grab a hold of it for your city.
Go around your church and pray over where you go to church.
Pray for your pastors.
Pray for the laypeople, the associates.
Go around praying for your kids' schools.
You live in your area.
You have authority in your area.
Go pray for your church.
Go around there and say, 'Hey, we ain't going to have none of that up in here.
' Go around, drive around your church, whatever.
Walk around it.
Do exercise that day before church.
Go around praying over your church.
Your pastor needs your help.
Don't leave it all up to him and say, 'Well, you know, it's up to Pastor So-and-so to get the prayer done, and if he doesn't cover it, well, if tragedy happens, it's on him.
' He's praying over you.
He's praying over the sermon he's going to give you, who's going to get saved, and the bills of the church.
There's a lot of pressure on a pastor.
So, you take initiative and say, 'I'm going to help out.
' Pray over your church.
Go, if you go to Life Church and you watch me, go pray over Craig Groeschel's churches.
Go pray over Crossings, go pray over Victory, and intercede for Paul Daugherty and these people that have huge churches that need help.
We're a family.
We're a body.
We pray for our pastors.
You pray over Rodney Howard-Browne.
You pray over John Kilpatrick.
Pray over your pastors that they're able; it's a tough job leading so many people and being criticized by sister clipboards in the audience, and so you just keep praying.
I believe that that's what we're here for, and I'm so excited that there's so many of you that wanted to be a part.
Even praying tonight for Joel, praying over Joel, you say, 'I don't agree with Joel.
' I don't care if you agree with him or not, pray for him.
Go around his church.
Pray for him.
Pray around his neighborhood.
Pray for his congregation.
Cover him in the blood.
You know, people get mad and they have an opinion about everything, but we are a body.
I don't always agree with my cousins or my uncle, but I still pray for them.
You know, we can agree to disagree on some things, but we still love each other and we still pray.
You say, 'Well, you're Catholic, I'm Baptist.
' That's why I told you the walls of separation have got to come down where we just say, 'Hey, I'm praying over this church.
I'm praying for protection.
' Because say you had a daughter or a son that didn't go to church where you went to church, and they choose to go somewhere else, and you go, 'Well, I don't necessarily like the pastor, but you have somebody that you love that goes to church there.
' Pray for them.
Pray for the covering of that church.
It's our job as a body to do this and say, 'Listen, I'm praying a covering around this church.
' This is how important it is right now.
I'm seeing some bad stuff and it's not time to just leave it on Brandon.
He prays.
I've prayed and prayed and prayed.
But I don't live in these cities like you all do.
I live in Oklahoma.
I live in Tulsa.
I pray over Tulsa all the time.
Praying over the Mabee Center.
Praying over Church on the Move.
Praying over Victory Church, praying over our church.
You just pray it.
You're just covering the blood, you're just using your authority and say, 'Father, we thank you, Lord, for the churches around here that they'll have revival, but first and foremost, you protect them from these crazy people that would try to do mass shootings and kill, steal, and destroy.
' And so that's what we give God praise for because we know that He hears us.
And so I'm so thankful that you all take it seriously, that you drive around Minneapolis, you drive around Minnesota, you drive around Living Word, you drive around praying over the cities, you pray over your churches.
I'm agreeing with you.
We're agreeing.
But you're boots on the ground.
Be boots on the ground.
It would be wonderful to go to all the states and go around all the churches and pray, but I just can't.
So, you go around and do it.
You do it.
Hey, I'm part of the prayer team.
That's why the Lord said I'm raising up men and women throughout the United States, South Korea, North Korea.
We're going to have a big revival in North Korea.
We're going to bring revival in China.
We're going to have it in the Philippines.
We're going to have it in Japan.
And I'm telling you, we're going to have it all throughout Canada and Europe.
And we're going to look back and say, man, when we get on the other side, we'll tell the stories.
Do you remember when we were praying for that?
Do you remember when we prayed for that?
And we saw the fruit of it, and it came to pass, and the glory of the Lord was on all of our congregations, and we saw the biggest harvest, and we'll tell the people about it.
Oh, you all should have been there.
You should have been.
You were born in the 1800s.
Well, let me tell you about the last revival.
It was awesome.
You went to Azusa?
Azusa had nothing on what we did.
I'm telling you, we saw more miracles.
It's going to be great.
What stories we'll tell for eternity.
Look at the people that we prayed for.
Look at the people and the souls that were saved during the last revival.
I was a part of it.
Have expectation that God's going to do something big through you.
It's not always somebody else.
'Well, of course, we know Brandon or whoever, Braden, you know, you have a platform.
I don't.
' You don't need one.
I'm just a part of it.
I gave a dollar to it.
Whatever you had your part in, every little bit, piece, and everything helps.
Do you know what I'm saying?
Don't think that what you do is insignificant to the great harvest.
Every prayer you pray, every time you pray for your pastors and the people that are leading, you just don't realize what those prayers mean.
Every time somebody tells me, 'Brandon, I'm praying for you,' I go, 'Oh, thank God somebody's praying for me other than me praying for myself.
' It means a whole lot to us for the spiritual pressure that we're under.
I didn't realize when I told Diana, I said, 'Never dreamed that ministry would be like this.
Never did.
' You have these pie-in-the-sky dreams, you know, as a young man, you're looking at ministry like it's going to be great.
And I told her, we talked about it last night as I saw all the things the Lord showed me.
It was very dark.
And I said, I never dreamed ministry would look like this.
Never did.
But I'm thankful that He chose me and I'm thankful that He's using me.
But you have this, I don't know, cupcakes and rainbows idea.
It's like you go, 'Oh, we're going to have a tea party.
' You go, 'Oh no, it's not a tea party.
We're all going to sit down and have tea together, and you can have a cupcake and I'll have a piece of pie.
Let's just enjoy life, and we'll sit on the porch and talk about Jesus.
' And I thought, you know, that's fine, but that's not reality.
Maybe in heaven, but from what I've seen, it's spiritual warfare.
And I'm going, 'Okay, this is fun.
' Braden's laughing at me because he knows.
He knows.
Braden's going to write a book one day.
I tell you what, being my scribe, he's seen it all, seeing his daddy go through all he does.
He'll write a book one day, I guarantee you: 'This is what I saw firsthand.
' Well, we love you all.
I want to tell you again, thank you for coming out tonight.
If there are some of you that have never asked Jesus Christ to be your Lord and personal Savior, tonight's your night.
You know who you are.
If you've never asked Jesus Christ to be your Lord and personal Savior and you're not assured of your salvation, if you were to die tonight, where would you spend eternity?
It's just that plain and simple.
Where would you spend it?
Just ask yourself, 'If I die today, where would I go?
' You say, 'Well, Brandon, I don't know.
' That's a scary place to be: 'I don't know where I'll go.
I don't know where I'll be.
' If I die tonight, do I just go to nothingness?
No.
You're either in heaven or hell.
To be absent from the body is to be present with the Lord, or you're going to be present with the devil.
Your choice.
But you need to make a choice tonight and really get real with yourself and real with the Lord and say, 'I need Jesus.
' If you believe you need Jesus, if you are really questioning where you are with the Lord, why don't you be assured of it?
Blessed assurance, Jesus is mine!
Oh, what a foretaste of glory divine!
I'm an heir of salvation, purchased of God, born of His Spirit, and bought with His blood.
This is my story, this is my song, praising my Savior all the day long.
Blessed assurance.
Jesus is mine.
Oh, what a foretaste of glory divine.
I want you to get really real right now, though.
Do you have that blessed assurance?
Do you believe Jesus is yours?
Do you believe you belong to Jesus?
If you're not there, I want to say a simple prayer with you.
And you just say it with me.
You just say it with all your heart.
And I believe the moment you say this prayer, you'll have that blessed assurance.
Jesus is mine.
Oh, what a foretaste of glory divine.
You're going to be able to say that.
But if you have questions in your heart right now, do not gamble.
Do not play with your eternity and tell yourself, "Well, you know, it doesn't really matter.
" Oh, it does matter.
It does matter.
Sell out to Jesus tonight.
He loves you.
So, he's waiting on you right now.
He's knocking on the door of your heart, and will you let him in?
Are you going to say, "No, I don't want to be born again"?
So say, "Jesus, I believe you are the Son of God.
I believe you died for me and you rose again on the third day.
Jesus, I'm a sinner and I need a Savior.
Jesus, I ask you to forgive me of my sins.
Wash me.
Make me new.
From this day forward, Lord, I turn my back on the sin.
I turn my back on the devil.
I turn my back on the things I was doing in the world.
And from this day forward, I serve you with all my heart.
I ask you to write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
Jesus, I'm sold out to you.
I believe you are the Son of God and I want you to be my Lord and personal Savior.
Thank you, Lord, that from this day forward, I'm yours.
And if I were to die tonight, I know I have a blessed assurance that Jesus is mine.
I'll be with you in paradise from this day forward.
Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Lord, for giving me a fresh, clean start.
And I believe the best is yet to come.
Amen.
And amen.
" I believe if you just said that simple prayer, you just got born again.
I believe that you just sold out to Jesus.
That you are a new creation created in Christ Jesus.
Behold, he's made all things new.
You say, "Well, I really don't know if I totally feel that way right now, Brandon.
" Who said you were going to?
You work out your salvation with fear and trembling.
It's a day-to-day process.
I serve you, Jesus.
And the more you read that, you get a Bible.
This is what you're going to do.
You're going to get a Bible.
You're going to go to church.
You're going to find a Bible-believing church, a non-denominational church.
That's where I would go.
And you read your Bible, and it will change you from the inside out.
And you're going to see the more you draw close to him.
He said if you knock, the door will be opened unto you.
If you seek him, you will find him.
The more you seek him, the more you're going to find him.
And he will change you from the inside out.
And you're going to look back at this day right now and you're going to go, "You know what?
I am not the same person that I was even a week ago.
" But you've got to invite him in.
He's a gentleman.
You say, "Lord, change me.
I need you.
" Tell that pastor when you go to church.
You find a church there, tell them, say, "I want to be water baptized.
" Get water baptized.
They might even have baptismal services for Easter.
Who knows?
I don't know.
Usually, they do something extra on Easter.
Tell them, "I want to get water baptized.
" Get plugged in there.
Get excited about your decision tonight.
24 people gave their hearts to Jesus Christ tonight.
24.
Welcome to the family, all 24 of you that gave your heart to Jesus Christ.
There are so many of you that are here late, and I'm excited you're here.
Welcome to the family.
But if you don't have a Bible and you can't afford a Bible, my wife and I will buy you a Bible for free.
All you have to do is email us in the description down below.
There's an email down there.
Say in there in the headline, "I got born again.
" And then give us your address and a way to be able to send it to you.
And we will send you this Bible.
It'll come in probably this week.
I'm pretty sure she'll get it to you this week.
But if you just email us down below, we won't solicit you for anything.
We just want to congratulate you on giving your heart to Jesus Christ.
All 24 of you, welcome to the family.
We love you and we're excited you're here.
But to the rest of you, if you could like, subscribe.
To you that got saved, too: like, subscribe, click the notification bell, be a part of this YouTube channel.
We believe we're reaching souls, one soul at a time.
Sometimes more than that.
But we believe that Jesus has called us to the kingdom for such a time as this.
And we're excited to be a part of this prayer channel.
I'm glad you're here tonight.
And so we'll do it again and again.
Just keep praying over the nations.
But we love you, and we're thankful that you came out tonight, and we'll see you again soon.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much, and we love you.
God bless you all.
Have a wonderful evening.
Bye-bye.